Special v ep. 125 19 maret 2025
You can see all the smiles on the bench right now.
this untidy situation. Bring the atmosphere with a sub-score. That's right. Lee Sunwoo has good serve
I fell into a very tricky place. That's right. You and I fell off before we knew each other. I usually have a lot of expressions, but yes. I'm more desperate today. The serve score came out. Yes. Nicklova's serve score
The score came out a little late, but it also adds another serve score. From 15-14 by 1 point to 16 by 14 by Mega's attack court. Kim Jung-hoon also played in the belly band. The role of Libero. Yes.
Serves are good, but defense is good, too. Yes. The loser attack instinct Kim Da Hoon is good. If you are in a situation where you can easily score whenever the opportunity comes, it is necessary. He scored the most points in the center
Actually, the player didn't come out. Huh Seung-joon and even the serve score. Yes, the coach
There will be different ways to focus on the game. All right.
I solved Bae Yoon-ah, a situation that is difficult to push. It's the best of a team born in 1989, and I'm playing all the sets of all the games this season. The locker is the biggest boost. Yes, that's right.
High from the side, Mega's Jewel Pipe success. 18 to 21 Kang So-hee also did her part well, and Chinese mid-block Biona and Kim Tae-min are also powerful.
It's hard. Ond 2
Kim Chae Min's tie
I felt free to hit him. That's right. The serve here
7th on serve. Has a sharp serve.
The stonemason is going fast. Okay, good. Lee Yun-jong Center has entered. Lee Yun-jong went up like Kim Da-hyun, "Only you can do it. I can do it better." Yes, the speed of the ball needs to be doubled when you fall down like that. Rather than having a mole on it
More than anyone else. Director Kim Hyo-bin will be hoping for it.
Kim Hyun-jung is also Lee Jung-hwan in last year's Abigye. All right.
It falls into a spike coat without being unwell. Jung Dabin. Yes.
I saw it for a long time. It was Kang Su-bi who had some luck. Short. This time, the left spike
Jeon Da-bin moves like this to create space, and this is what the players who catch it should do. I've been playing for 13-14 games now. Yes, I'm a rookie. I'm Dabin
It's shaking for 20 minutes. Chance ball Jeong Bal-jang, but there was no force to push it from the center.
This club bar push is a success.
Jeong Kwan-jang fans who couldn't run away are already thinking about you. Yes. Jump strongly from the center and high block can cover. It's a successful mega counterattack.
It was a mega radius. Playoffs Following Next Week
I told the players calmly from above. I moved on again. Jung Woo Hyun from the center.
Even now, the goal is too far back to the right, so the goal needs to be a little more forward. You have to keep that heart well. Kim Mi-jin's serve
It's on the mega side. It's cool. You have to give this to me. It's not easy to defend at this level of ball, and how does it lead to results. Of course. It's a serve score.
Class Jeong Ho-young Jung Ho-young gets on the set point of the sub-score set. Dot
A good attack came out. The opportunity to finish the set
Yes, I'll wrap it up. Director Jeong brings the 25 to 192 set. Tanacha's strong attack is 1 point difference of 8 to 9 left, and the winning defense is high.
Oh, I got it. Tara Cha and Moon Jung-hwan's attack, which he chased, can't go. Yeom Hye-sun and Pyo Seung-joo succeeded. I hit a hard ball. Yes
When it's really hard for me to chase you around, that toss usually comes out. I don't know for some reason, but thanks to Pyo Seungjoo's solution
16,000 sets of Yeom Hye-sun achieved it. It's a record for first base. So second base, second base, second base. Yes. It's the result of consistency and tenacity. I don't think it's another construction I don't want to lose. That's right.
I've had a taste of victory for all the teams this season, but I haven't had a taste for Jung Eun-jung.
And we're here until the last game. Let's push it accordingly
I'll save it.
Yes. I passed the document very high, and I have to make the articles of association again. Megan's PUSHING PAN KIMDOWN. Yes, yes, the number of pages
It's a defense. It's a defense.
Jinyu's Jeonggeunjang Bandle, Hwakbok Lee Deok-pae Spats
Let's move on again.
Fans' cheers are getting louder. Spike Blocking
It's a persistent defense and goal-scoring Jeong Man-jung that enthusiasts fans of Daejeon. You can't take your eyes off of it whenever the play keeps coming out. Yes, yes, yes. This is good, too
And that's where he scored. From the perspective of Jeonggwanjang, this poem was shaken a lot. I got a back-to-back clova, and once again, Jo Se-hyun
Directing the dialing towards the car's under-wide position
Kim Daeun, Chun Se-yeon
It's coming over again.
Ah, here
But the ball does not fall to the ground. the side of Jeonse-hyeon
Let's make sure to cover it high again
Turn it over with consecutive strokes. Really! The left side of the chance ball is blocked, and then it flies away
Let's move on. Jeong Kwan-jae has another final jump defense left. I caught it. Are you done with your stomach
Another great defense.
How many of these cool digs are coming out this time? This is the end of the passpet. Yeom Hye-sun's skill
It led to a score. I think Yeom Hye-sun will be exhausted today. But Yum Hye-sun, today is Kim Da-hoon
Kim Da-won shows what the senior did. She's showing how she can do it. Set point Jeonggwanjang Jeon Dabin
One Chubble Lucking Falcon
Raise it high. It's a great opportunity to finish the chance ball set.
He is recording his 34th score in the articles of association, which makes a score with a stonemason in the center.
Kim Chaebin in the middle. Yes, it's a success. That's right. It's good right now. It doesn't move. I couldn't move. That's right. I did a good job on the straight course.
Yeommae got hit by her head.
Every three batters mega success.
Yeom Hye-sun has to make the last choice. Playoffs are all mobilized during the course season. Yes. You have to use all the resources you can use.
I heard the first pitch. High ball
This time,
I covered my forehead and got a torch out. Kim Tae-hee's attack was successful.
Run right away and continue Kim Daun's serve. Hoseok Choi and Hyesub Yeom, push the other two
Road Corporation Mega's Defensive Left Hitting Net Pro Can Fight Back
It's possible. It's a dream-to-go if you block together.
He took a clova block from the back of the car again. Shoot seaweed to the left. Kim Chae-in, I'll solve it. Set point. Kim Se-in came in four sets
He's showing a good attack. Road Construction Center Port
I can't go over the spike.
This game will be played in five sets. It's okay. Park Hae Min blocks the left side
I got my 10th block and Kim Daun-der's block today. I think I'll fall if Kim Da-hoon hits me. You're pumping out that energy right now. Yes. Kim Da-won's power needs guts like that.
I'm a rookie player.
You know it so well.
It became Tamacha's offensive defense. A quick attack with kimchi or left Park Hae-min's body. Yes. It's inside the coat. Is it inside? Tamacha
However, Jung Kwan-young's home crowd is going to the playoffs. They're continuing to cheer us on.
Push comes back.
Look at Niclova.
Coach
Oh, it's torch-out. It sounds good. Korea Expressway Corporation's 8 points lead Park Hye-min 4 FC's success 4 to 11
It's bound to be low. I think so. The two players are working together today
It was the same, but it was a bit shaky this time. Kim Se-hee Succeeds! Korea Expressway Corporation is on the match point today. You know, right? It grows as you bump into it.
Kim Chae-bin, who ends the game with an attack, will also take the Korea Expressway Corporation's 15-85 set, which will give Jeong his first win in the final game this season. It's just the last game
I think I was able to do it more comfortably thinking that I should just have fun while laughing. I think it was a big deal to mix the toss and the time and stuff. I spent my first season at the Korea Expressway Corporation
Thank you so much. Thank you so much for your support
I think I was able to do it with more energy. I think I need to lose some weight. Yes, backtoss. Something like that
I think we need to do more defense and backers.
First of all, it wasn't enough
They trusted me and wrote it
Thank you so much for writing it until the end. I was able to do it more confidently because the members helped me a lot
I think I was able to show you mine more. Thank you.
Korea Expressway Corporation ends the season with a full set victory. In the fifth set, Nicolova cheered up and eventually won the team. Meanwhile, Jeong Director Yeom Hye-sun is the No. 1 player in all time
The team eventually lost, even though it was a 16,000-set success.
With volleyball, Everyday Special V. Hello, I'm MC Cho Eun Ji.
The special family we're going to do with Special V is. Han Yu-mi, a commentator
I'm Jung Dawo from Sports Seoul. Welcome. Hello.
Let's take a look at Wednesday's game with both of you.
The Korea Expressway Corporation recorded a victory against all teams in the final game of the regular league.
Korea Expressway Corporation was able to finish this season with a smile.
How can you evaluate the season as a whole?
First of all, there was a lot of disappointment, but there was a clear harvest this season
I brought a good striker named Kang So-hee, but he came all the way to spring volleyball
It's the Korea Expressway Corporation that I couldn't look at.
Also, at the beginning of the season, foreign players' performance was a little disappointing.
It is true that we chose Nicklova instead of Bukrich, but she did not perform as well as expected.
Yoonhee, who sent Tanacha and brought him back, was also in a severe situation
I've been terminating my contract for quite a long time because of the sluggishness
I had a hard time finding an Asian quarter player.
And in the end, Tang Ah Chul came back
It's a lot better than last season
I was sad about how it would have been if we were together from the beginning
In general, I think it was a very meaningful season. At the beginning of this season, Kim Daeun had a hard time working with the striker
From the fourth round, I've been selected for all games. by doing that
I gradually got in sync with this striker.
In the first half, Korea Expressway Corporation had only 5 wins and 13 losses
In the second half, he won 12 games and lost 6 games. Thanks to Kim Daeun's appearance
The road construction has grown this much
The Korea Expressway Corporation has lost some but gained some
I think it was a meaningful season. The last one
Kim Da-won's interview also showed how cute he was.
There was also a story of Kim Da-won that made me look forward to the next season even more.
Let's see how he'll come back.
On the other hand, Chung ends up in third place in the final rank of the regular league after losing this game.
I think it was a game where I clearly saw something to be careful about except for the upcoming spring.
Except for spring, I think the biggest variable is the recovery of the injured. So
There is no guarantee that it will come back.
Even if I come back
I'm not sure that I'll be able to show my 100% condition
With this six-round performance
I thought it would be hard to go up before jumping.
In the case of Hyundai Engineering & Construction, Yang Hyo-jin and Lee Da-yeon are in the center
Director Jung should also cheer up in the center, but Jung Woo-young has not shown any performance recently.
I don't think it's enough to expect a lot from Lee Sunwoo and Lee Jisoo
Jung Ho-young has to show his presence more.
I don't think I should rely on Mega
Up until the 5th round, Mega had 33% of the attack
The combined share of the previous game and this game was 46.3%. He's showing a game where he depends on Mega
When we play against top teams
I can't solve it by myself
We need to share the mega player's share a little more.
One of the reasons why Mega has done so well is
It went well because Bukirich hit both sides, except for Bon
The share that's been on the mega-player list
I think the main players who were playing will have to share them little by little.
Korean players need to be more active
I think we can do better in the upcoming playoffs.
Let's see what other solutions we find.
This has confirmed the women's rankings. Let's check it out right away.
Behind Heungkuk Life Insurance, which earlier confirmed the top spot in the regular league, Chung lost the final round of the regular league, and Hyundai Engineering & Construction and Chung, the second and third-place coaches, will be in position. The IBK Industrial Bank is in fourth place, and the Korea Expressway Corporation is in fifth place with a one-point difference.
There is still one game left, but it is the lowest Harper Savings Bank after confirming the sixth place in GS Caltex.
The next step is reporter Jeong Dawo's Pack Tower time, which captures one of the fun and meaning. Let's make some time to organize this week's season. Yes, it's the last time for this season.
Looking back on the season, since I know the facts, I'm going to organize with these numbers.
First of all, zero was selected as the number that summarizes the leading Heungkuk Life Insurance. There are no foreign or Asian quarter players in the top 10 scorers at all.
The only player on the team is Kim Yeon-koung. It's 7th place.
In a similar context, I picked another number 22. This is the attack share of this foreign Apogit Spiker for the season. It's a combination of two-took players and replacement player Matteiko. So
Heungkuk Life had the smallest proportion of foreign apostasy speakers. Nikolova of Korea Expressway Corporation and Taylor of Pepper Savings Bank recorded about 27%.
It's even less than that, but even if the two players' scores are combined, it falls short of Kim Yeon-kyung's record of 585 points. It's a shame that foreigners don't contribute much
Still, he made the first league of the regular league in a very diverse pattern. I think you can find the meaning there. So there are four players who scored 350 points or more. Jung Yoon-joo and Toucke, as well as middle blocker pitch, played very well in this season.
In the second half of the year, Heungkuk Life Insurance often scored double-digit points in about three sets. The other team didn't know whether to do it or not even if we went to the 5th set
It felt like the total volleyball that manager Lee wanted was finally completed in the second half. It was the most obvious driving force behind this early confirmation of the top spot in the regular league.
Heungkuk Life Insurance, which quickly secured the top spot in the regular league by making use of various scoring routes. This is reporter Jung Da-won, who summarized Heungkuk Life as 0 and 22. I wonder what Heungkuk Life was like for Han Yu-mi.
You're going to organize it in a special word. I'm Kim Hyun-kyung. It's clear. I don't need to explain it in other words. Because Kim Yeonkyung is here
I think Heungkuk Life Insurance will make such a good performance, but Kim Yeon-koung seems to have the right expression to be more than an ace legend, but there's a saying that it's that go. most appropriate for it
I think it's a player. I'm Han Yu-mi, a member of Heungkuk Life Insurance's 2024-2025 season, and I'm Kim Hyun-kyung. Then, let's sort out the numbers of Hyundai Engineering & Construction?
Hyundai Engineering & Construction finished the season in second place in the regular league. It's not that bad, but I think it was a season where I was a little weak. I tried to win the integrated championship for two consecutive seasons following last season, but it wasn't enough.
Hyundai Engineering & Construction has set the number 10.8. This is the number of set successes per set of Kim Setter Kim Dine. Kim Da-in has maintained more than 11 times over the past two seasons. But this season
I'm down to my teens. In fact, I don't think it can be seen as Kim Da-in's individual problem. You can say that the overall team's scoring ability has decreased. Especially after Moma, he scored 886 points in the season
It dropped to 721 points. And Yang Hyo-jin also lost 372 points from 546 points. The two players who play the most important role in the team are good at scoring
I think these things are going to symbolize, and the team's attack success rate is down from 42.4% last season to 40.8%. One of the things that we've seen this season is
Now, it was a scene where Moma was moving to a one-up game, which seems to be the reason why she failed to try to win the integrated championship for two consecutive seasons. From Hyundai Engineering & Construction's perspective, it's second place
The numbers can be very satisfactory, but if you look into this, I think it's a season that's not very satisfactory.
I remember a few games that were disappointing in terms of performance. I think those parts can be expressed in numbers like this. I'm already looking forward to it. Let's hear a line from Rep. Han Yu-mi.
Moma's warm-up tone makes Kim Daeun shake
Yes, that's good. Moma often commuted to and from the warm zone.
It means that Hyundai Engineering & Construction's striker is shaking a lot
In fact, this setter's record has a big impact on the striker.
At the same time, Kim Da-in's number of this set seems to have gone down a little.
It's kind of like the title of a novel in the movie
We worked really hard on it. Is there something? No.
They made it. They made it Rome's Merupjo makes Kim Da-in shake. It's so
We summarized this season of Hyundai E&C with a clean one-line review.
Let's listen to the third place's articles of association First of all, reporter Jung Da-woo, with what number did you organize director Jung?
Yes, the number of articles of association is 34.4.
This number is the receiving efficiency of the bouquilch player.
Urban Kirch's outside-heater call was a tremendous adventurer for director Lee Jung. Some were worried that it was a dangerous player and others that it was an unreasonable number.
Unexpectedly, he showed very good receiving efficiency, and except for Tanacha, who is the No. 1 overall player, Lee Bukirich received the most receptions among these outside heaters. He was bullied a lot
Still, I think I can express that I endured very well, and the most encouraging thing is that while receiving like this, the attack success rate is not much different. It was 41.9% last season
It's 41 percent. In fact, it rarely came down.
There were also rumors that he was a volleyball genius, and because Mega players are so good on the other side, Director Chung is the only team in the top five scoring teams to build the strongest left and right guns in the league.
So, I think it's a season where coach Ko Hee-jin's winning move is very accurate. Listening to reporter Jeong Dao's story, Bugilji's injury is even more painful. Let's see if we can come back to this playoffs.
Let's hear from Han Yu-mi
It's getting burdensome, but I'm looking forward to it. Yes, the fabric of volleyball is that the mega mega player is actually holding out well in receiving
Even this mega player is performing much better. And Bukrich was really good at receiving this season, so I personally envy him
You have to have that natural talent to be good at it. So on the other hand, watching this Bukereich receiving, I was envious of him
I expressed the performance of the two players metaphorically like Mega, a volleyball fabric product. Because there were definitely two players, director Jeong was able to head to spring volleyball again.
That's why I'm looking forward to Director Jung's return as a bookmaker. So far, we've heard the stories of the three teams that advanced to spring volleyball. IBK Industrial Bank of Korea is in the 4th place
The number representing IBK Industrial Bank is 1.
Other than foreign players, there is only one player who scored more than 300 points. It's Yuk Seo-young. The spring volleyball hall Heungkuk Life Hyundai Engineering & Construction has four players who scored more than 300 points.
Director Jeong has two people in the top five. On the other hand, in IBK, Victoria was second in scoring with 910 points
The domestic player far below that is Yuk Seo-hyung. So, there were too few Korean players who shared the score I think I can express it like this. Of course, he's improved a lot while recording a career high
I was so sorry for the rest of the players' performance. In particular, Lee So-young, who joined the FA, lost 69 points and Hwang Min-kyung's score fell
So, the biggest confidence in coach Kim Ho-chul's recruitment of the setter to the Asian quarter was because he brought in Lee So-young. Lee So Young's performance was considered as a paving stone or a winning player, but it collapsed
To make matters worse, it was a season when the second half of Industrial Bank of Korea completely collapsed as player Chun Shin-tong left due to injury. Coach Kim Ho-chul will pick a striker in the Asian quarter next season It was a season where this change of heart came.
Of course, as Yuk Seo-young grew up, she was able to find good possibilities, but IBK Industrial Bank is a little disappointed in her performance.
Han Yu-mi, a member of the IBK Industrial Bank, would you like to organize it in a word? I'm getting burdened. Please speak up. If it wasn't for you, Yook Seoyoung
In the case of Industrial Bank of Korea, the recruitment effect has not been seen. However, I think the keyword of this season at Industrial Bank of Korea is Yuk Seo-young because he has gained growth from Yuk Se-young.
Listening to it like this, reporter Jung Da-wo's summary and lawmaker Han Yu-mi's horizon really match. I think you got it right twice It's for you I gave it to you in advance. He gave me the script in advance, so I kept thinking about it.
There is a word that highlights the agony of Han Yu-mi. Let's keep looking forward to it. Then, what number would you like to organize the Korea Expressway Corporation? The number of Korea Expressway Corporation is 31.
This is the point won by the Korea Expressway Corporation after this fourth round.
From round 1 to round 3, the Korea Expressway Corporation won 15 points. So in the second half, I won more than twice as much.
Overall, the attack success rate increased nearly 3% from 36.8% to 39.6%, and the Nikolova Kangsoi Tanacha Triangle was in the second half of the year
In particular, Rep. Han Yu-mi also talked a little while ago, but as Kim Dae-eun setter settled down as the main player, the attack accelerated and the team transformed into a formidable team.
I think it's going to be a bit disappointing. If this performance came out in the first half, a new system would have been created to break the three-way race, but the engine started too late, so I think the Korea Expressway Corporation will be disappointed
But with this performance, the Korea Expressway Corporation makes us look forward to the next season. The irony is that it's really good if you're sluggish in the first half and do better in the second half
You can wrap it up in the atmosphere. So I think that's the current Korea Expressway Corporation. Unfortunately, it was canceled except for spring, but I think it was a season where Kim Daeun setter gained some big things.
These are the words of committee member Han Yu-mi, who is increasingly looking forward to it. The first person came out, too. The title of the novel came out now. Which one is it this time? When I woke up, from the perspective of Korean road history
In the beginning, it was a little unorganized, but Tanacha joined from the third round, and Kim Se-bin joined the team a little late, but Kim Se-bin settled down for sure from the fourth round
And Kim Da-hoon also settled down from the fourth round. After the fourth round, I had good results. I started the engine from then on, but the spring volleyball game has already gone away
I think I woke up a little late. Were you closing your eyes before that? It's less open. When I opened my eyes, I showed great strength from the second half and showed my back
And at the end, the Korea Expressway Corporation finished the season with a smile. Let's meet GS Caltex What number should I put together? The number of GS Caltex is 101. 1001
This is Silva's current score record. Well, it was a season for Silva again.
He topped the scoring with overwhelming power. There's even one game left. It was the first time for the women's team to score one point for the first two consecutive seasons. The league's best Apogee Spiker Silva, who led the team to last place, is now back in the season
It was really brilliant
One of the coaches of the other team once told me that. What on earth is Silva working so hard for? Yes, that's how good he is, but his posture, attitude, and mindset are so good.
What kind of director wouldn't be jealous? That's right. GS Caltex was very well balanced in the second half as Silva, a player with the best skills and mentality, took the center stage. I talked about Silva, but he supported Korean players well
Compared to the first half of the year, the organizational power has also revived a lot. So, if it wasn't for Wyler's early departure, I think GS Carles would have had a more competitive season, and anyway, Silver was the best.
I'm a Silva player who is not good enough no matter how much I praise him. I'm looking forward to this. Han Yu-mi, how did you organize GS Caltex?
I think it's really hard now. I said, "With Silva." It was a season where Silva was like Silva, and in fact, Silver is a sample of this professional.
I think I've been giving these compliments to Silva every time, and I think GS Caltex is the team that wants to renew the contract more desperately than any other team
Silva seems to be an indispensable presence in GS Caltex. He's a Silva player who made coach Lee Young-taek laugh a lot throughout the season. Even GS Caltex fans can't let go of it
I think he's that kind of player. This is the last team. Pepper Savings Bank, what number would you like to organize? Let me summarize with the number 11 of Pepper Savings Bank. This is Pepper Savings Bank's winnings this season.
Since its foundation, it finished with the highest score. Of course, I'm a little disappointed that I couldn't raise the ranking, but I've achieved my goal of winning the most points and winning against the entire team.
Coach Yoo Ji-young's first goal is this double-digit victory.
In any case, he has been reborn as a team-like team and has definitely shed the stigma of being a point vending machine. I think we worked hard even in a situation where the weight of foreign players was falling.
I think it was the most successful finish since its foundation, and I think it was the first season of Coach Jang Ji-young that made me look forward to the next season a little more.
I think Pepper Savings Bank surprised many V-League fans this season.
It's really the last time. Please cheer up a little more. Let's hear a word from Representative Han Yoo-min.
It doesn't have a big impact
I think Pepper Savings Bank is half successful
It definitely doesn't have an impact as time goes by. That's right. The impact is gradually decreasing. I think it had a big impact at first. Anyway, it's director So Jiyoung's first debut season
But since I achieved my goal, I think half of it was successful
Pepper Savings Bank
I think it's just the beginning. Now that I'm starting the engine, I think I'm looking forward to next season more.
Half of the success. Because of the ranking. No, my goal
I have a goal and I think I did well for Coach Yoo Ji-young's debut season. Oh, but is it a half success?
Yes, you achieved your goal Like this I don't like it, but until the end
I've also heard what Hallim, who had a strong impact, said.
So we've summarized the season for the women's team.
It was a perfect fact hour with meaning and fun until the end. It's really a shame that we're doing it at the last hour. How was reporter Jeong Da-won?
Are you sad? That's too bad. It's a bummer for us I thought about it a lot every week
It made me think more about it
After the last season, I've been a factor this season as well
I don't know what the viewers thought about it
It's going to get better for our B-League
We talked a lot while looking forward to them
He's also called that kind of Jeong So-gong.
I'll see if those things can come again next week.
Which part are you looking forward to the most? Among the topics that we talked about in Fact Hour
Last season, we got the Young Player Award. But at this season's Pack Tower
What do you want to improve the most among the parts that you introduced
There's a theme, so there's a lot of things. Foreign player's FA contract or domestic player
The changes in the FA system... Even if it's not this year
I think we can change it within 23 years
Are you watching Kobo? I'm sure they're watching. Anyway, I'm looking forward to it.
a ball shot by reporter Jung Da-won
Please continue to watch what changes you will make look like.
Please look forward to an upgraded fact hour next season.
Yes, that's how we met Pack Tower. Let's continue to check the men's game.
Each ranking table has been set this season, but the two teams that have to do their best in the remaining one game for the fans have met. Let's check out our card and Samsung Fire & Marine Insurance's showdown at the Jangchung Gymnasium.
KB non-life insurance is also not easy. Yes, it's Park Jin-woo. Lee Hogan followed and raised it to the nearest side. Fazli... Right now
I'll serve briefly. I'm going up. reflich
I'm in defense. I couldn't hit it with a lot of strength. The left defense is coming up. It's stuck. netplay
I didn't get a rebound play here. Yes. Our Tazs are aiming to tie the game. Move quickly to the left and hit it big. This is Kim Woo-jin's point. This season is now in fourth place.
This is our card that you can chase here. I'm in defense. Chance to finish Samsung set right spike well up. Our card counterattack ends with a left block.
It's 17 to 19. I liked Conor Wok. On the right, Nipolich
Here's Samsung's chance to chase back. It's Kim Woojin. Kim Woo-jin's straight hit 19 to 20 is good. All right. Directly
I'll give it up.
Direct fails. twenty-two to twenty-three
Maksim is holding out in front of Samsung, where this one blue king is important. Oh, I got a chance. It's the third tie chance ball. How about this time? I am going.
L tie. Who will go first with the Samsung's last center? It's a decision rally. 23:24 Fast Attack. These are the three points of our card. twenty-four to twenty-three points
It falls while hugging. We're going to this set deuce. It's Park Jun-hyuk.
It's going up in the middle. I'm ready for the kitchen communication. Kim Junwoo is not done yet. Oh, the connection is unfortunate. Nikolic Kim Junwoo's serve went in. Our card
Kim Jihyun Samsung's blocking wall looks solid. Yang Soo-hyun and Yang Soo-hyun finished with a rookie.
We can't lose the home game, our card 3-0. The right side is out of the game.
It's going up. Brooking
Han Tae-joon has clearly set a straight line. That's right. I'm good at handing out receptions. Out in the middle
Hitting the center of Lee Howon
The net play continues. Kim Hyung-geun was fast.
It's overhand receiving. Uh
It barely touched the fingertips, but it's a score. It's probably the biggest worry. That's how the set is finished.
I caught him going over. Oh, the setter Han Tae-joon holds this for me. Hold this. As expected, it's the national team center. Yes, I'm seeing hope for the misset right now.
Kim Young-geun succeeded. Maximi Gallo Center Stonemason in Four Sets Perfect Performance
Nicolich and Ali are standing together above. Samsung Fire & Marine Insurance's teamwork was not right, and Nicholich succeeded.
Ends the Ali set. Our card is one point ahead
I'm following Samsung Fire. Like this
Kim Woo-jin is shaking a lot right now. Maksim is blocked. I changed the flow now. That's right.
Box time is a success.
That's a good timing. Oh, I missed it. It's a critical receiving mistake. If you can chase a point or two
There is a chance. I have a chance to let you know fighting. Shall we finish the game? Let's end our card notification. Our card came from behind to win
From the first set, we were down because the game didn't go well, but I think the players in the third set gave us a little more strength and we were able to win. The part that went well is
Even if we lose two sets
I don't think I'm going to lose, and I think I have the strength to lead it to the end of the 5th set, so I'm looking at it positively
When we don't have mercenaries
I think we should've been united, but that part wasn't good enough
We've worked hard for the past season
The fans worked harder
Even if I'm a little bit
So that you can enjoy the game
I prepared it for you. There were a lot of people injured this season, so I feel sorry for not showing you our volleyball
We'll show you our volleyball more clearly
I will try to win and watch volleyball happily.
Our card ends the season with a full set win. Ali and Nikolic led the victory by scoring 32 points. Meanwhile, Samsung Fire & Marine Insurance's Maxim scored 33 points with a 72% attack success rate
I tried to take responsibility and cheer up, but the team lost in the end.
The winning team in the final game of the season was our card. However, Samsung Fire & Marine Insurance also ended up winning three games in the sixth round.
In particular, the rise in Samsung Fire & Marine Insurance's main season ranking is also encouraging.
At this rate, wouldn't you be able to predict that we can be in fourth place next season? Since Samsung Fire & Marine Insurance has the lowest annual salary for Korean players
I think the direction will be very different depending on how you select foreign players. As expected, the height of the next season is a foreigner
Let's be rich. It's a very swollen number for foreign players this season. I expected the top pick to come out, so I didn't renew my contract with Usbang and it was a stepping stone to catch Leo
I couldn't believe how I could think about it in the 6th place, so I chose Marki. Marki was innocent due to his injury, and I was disappointed when I brought Grozvanov
Also, the Maxim player who was brought instead did not meet expectations, but the great comfort is that Hasley, who was brought to the Asian quarter, performed well.
First of all, Samsung Fire & Marine Insurance should expect a little bit of luck this time in the foreign player tryout, but it seems likely to be replaced by foreign players.
In the case of Asian quotas, I think it will be a bit of a concern. Since the Iranian players applied quite a lot this time, there will be quite a few wing spikers who are heavy now. So I was thinking about renewing my contract with Paisley, but this ranking
Depending on what ranking we're in, we'll be thinking about it, but I think there'll be a bit of a war of wits. Now, if Samsung Fire & Marine Insurance gives up on Paisley, it's definitely a subject for other teams to consider. Because of that, Samsung Fire & Marine Insurance is also very
Since I haven't been to spring volleyball for 7 seasons, I'm sure Samsung Fire & Marine Insurance will think about forming an Asian quarter the most
I think we'll have to wait and see if luck can be with us. I have a painful memory, so I'm quite curious about what choice I'll make. It would be nice to watch the tryout that will continue in the off-season in the future.
Next, let's check the men's rankings.
We finish the season with 18 wins, 18 losses, and 51 points by winning the final round of the fourth-place Woori Card regular league. Samsung Fire & Marine Insurance ends the season with 13 wins, 23 losses, and 5th place.
It's time to predict the victory or defeat of the special v families who continue to predict the next game. First, it's the women's team. The match between Heungkuk Life Insurance, the No. 1 regular league player, and GS Caltex, the No. 6 player, who avoided the bottom, is scheduled.
Let's check the fans' expected winning probability first.
The women's results were unanimous. It was agreed that Heungkuk Life Insurance, a former spammer, would win against GS Caltex.
There's a unanimous agreement. Spam was all that predicted Heungkuk Life's victory. One of them is Han Yu-mi. Why did I do that? First of all, yes
With the best lineup at the forefront, I think we'll continue our record against each other
Until when do we predict the outcome? I'm going to the end.
Heungkuk Life Insurance has the upper hand with 4 wins and 1 loss this season
In every game except the fourth round
He showed an overwhelming performance by winning three points. From this point of view, in this match
I think Heungkuk Life is likely to take advantage of the trend. Heungkuk Life is
From the previous game, we are preparing for the championship by making all the best lineups.
In order to maintain the sense of the game and maintain the atmosphere, key players are likely to participate in this game. And after this game
You'll have about 10 days to prepare
I expect that he'll do his best to get a sense of the game
It's not just a game
I think it's the final rehearsal for the championship game and I think I'll play.
Meanwhile, GS Caltex ended this season in sixth place, and although the playoffs were frustrating
As this last game will be held at home, we expect the players to do their best.
These are the two teams that play the final round of the regular league.
And after this game, the regular league will all end. Let's see who will be the last team to smile.
Next, let's check the men's game.
Hyundai Capital, which finished the regular league first, and OK, which finished at the bottom
The savings bank's last game is scheduled.
Let's check the probability of the Spans winning.
The men's results were also unanimous. Spam power including reporter Jeong Dao expected Hyundai Capital to win against OK Savings Bank.
The same results as the women's team came out. Do you think the reason is similar? Yes, I think it's almost the same situation. Hyundai Capital will also go straight to the championship game. So, without the playoffs, we'll have 10 days of thread
We have to start right away. This is the last rehearsal
There will be. I think it will be a game where the players work together to enhance their performance and work together. Regardless of winning or losing, the content is very important, so Hyundai Capital must have some motivation or tension. the last two games
The best members were selected against Samsung Fire & Marine Insurance and KEPCO. As Choi Min-ho arranged his physical strength, he won the set score 3-0 completely. I think this game will operate similarly.
And even if you don't have to say this, Hyundai Capital won all five games against OK Savings Bank this season, and none of the points were lost. It was either 3 to 0 or 3 to 1
Well, just by imagining it, Hyundai Capital's victory seems likely. I think we can sort it out like this. Let's see how the two teams will play at the end of the regular league. We will continue to announce the broadcast.
KBS Sports will broadcast the men's match between Hyundai Capital and OK Savings Bank live from 6:50 p.m. on Thursday evening. You can be with the voices of castor Kang Joon-young and commentator Seok Jin-wook. Please watch it a lot.
And on Friday, March 21 at 4 p.m., hexagonal MC announcer Oh Hyo-joo and Daegu's sincere commentator Han Yu-mi and Park Chul-woo
And he's a real fan of a recognized actor. Special V Special with SEVENTEEN's Boo Seungkwan. It's because we settle the regular league with songs and forecast the postseason. Please look forward to it.
This is the recording that Rep. Han Yu-mi did together. I heard that it took almost twice as long as the scheduled recording time. I think I should be paid twice as much
It took a long time to film this. As far as I know, we don't cut it as much as we can, so please watch it a lot. I prepared a special that was filled with nothing to throw away.
Please look forward to watching it. That's all the news prepared by the special department. We'll be back after both the men's and women's games on Thursday, when the last regular league game takes place. Everyday special with Daegu
I've been sick.